Update quickstart-wordpress.md (#109739)
Azure/azure-content: articles/app-service/quickstart-wordpress.md

1. Select the **Advanced** tab. Under **Additional Settings** choose your preferred **Site Language** and  **Content Distribution**. If you're unfamiliar with a [Content Delivery Network](../cdn/cdn-overview.md) or [Blob Storage](../storage/blobs/storage-blobs-overview.md), select **Disabled**. For more details on the Content Distribution options, see [WordPress on App Service](https://azure.github.io/AppService/2022/02/23/WordPress-on-App-Service-Public-Preview.html).

    :::image type="content" source="./media/quickstart-wordpress/08-wordpress-advanced-settings.png" alt-text="Screenshot of WordPress Advanced Settings.":::
    

>     Note: The Word Press App requires a Vnet with an address space of /23 at minimum. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   > [!NOTE]
   > The WordPress app requires a virtual network with an address space of /23 at minimum. 
```
